The two most commonly used for models
这两种模型最常用


The two most commonly used fog models All the development that we did so far was with the stack at fault, but The start going from starter to transition is only a small change.
最常用的两种雾模式 到目前为止，我们所做的所有开发都是在堆栈上有问题，但从起始器到过渡只是一个小变化。


So, Now you know, In the next week, when I do the lecture, I'll cover delay testing in more detail.
所以，现在你知道了，下周我讲课时，我会更详细地讲解延迟测试。


But today, I'll talk a little bit about that. So then we use the second fault.
但今天，我会稍微谈谈这个。那幺我们就用第二个断层。


The stack at fault is not a physical fault Model in the sense that it does not say that these two lines got sorted or anything like that. This is a functional fault model.
故障堆栈并不是物理故障模型，因为它并没有说这两条线路已经被分流了。这是一个功能性故障模型。


What is the difference between functional fault model and physical fault model?
功能故障模型和物理故障模型有什幺区别？


In functional fault model, we are looking at the manifestation of the defect, so the physical defect may be that there was A metal Stringer that just shorted two lines and the physical defect.
在功能故障模型中，我们关注的是缺陷的表现，因此物理缺陷可能是金属纵梁短路了两条线路，导致物理缺陷。


Maybe that metal string had a resistance of 10 kilo ohm. So, if you want to do physical fault simulation, you will have to run spice simulation by putting in those metal interconnect and then putting the 10 kilo Ohm resistance. Or maybe there was one kilo of resistance.
也许那根金属弦的电阻是10千欧姆。所以，如果你想做物理故障模拟，你必须通过安装金属互连，然后施加10千欧姆电阻来运行香料模拟。或者说，可能只有一公斤的阻力。


You have to put one kilo ohm resistance and runs by simulation to see what happens.
你必须施加一千欧姆的电阻，然后通过模拟测试看看会发生什幺。


But ultimately, what happens is that when you, if the physical defect is present and you apply the input, You will register the wrong value, Uh, so either it will be it was supposed to be zero.
但归根结底，当你存在物理缺陷并应用输入时，你会注册错误的值，呃，所以它要幺是本应为零。


It will be registered as one Because one it was registered as zero, or you register the direct value. So, in a functional fault model.
它会被注册为1，因为1被标记为0，或者你注册的是直接值。所以，在功能性故障模型中，


We are looking at only the stuck at zero stuck at fault effect, because that is the manifestation of the physical defect. Okay, we are not going and simulating of under various different conditions. What would happen, right?
我们只关注“卡在零卡住”故障卡住效应，因为那是物理缺陷的表现。好吧，我们不会在各种不同条件下模拟。会发生什幺，对吧？


So the stock at fault model is a functional fault model, And it allows you to Basically capture the physical force, And when you're doing stucco for model, and we are running simulation at ATP, etcetera.
所以，库存故障模型是一个功能性故障模型，它基本上可以捕捉物理力，当你做灰泥模型时，我们在ATP等环境下运行模拟。


We only consider single stuck at fault model Physically in a chip.
我们只考虑芯片物理上单卡故障的模型。


There are bunch of defects, then there could be defective in multiple places
有很多缺陷，可能在多个地方都有缺陷


Why do you consider the single standard formula?
你为什幺认为单一标准公式？


Are not.
它们并不是（所描述的那种东西）。


The faults could be in multiple places.
故障可能存在多个地方。


Speed, which is
速度，也就是


Which is the easier problem to catch. Think about, you know, you're driving a car you. You're buying a used car, you know. There could be probably the breaks
这是更容易发现的问题。想想看，你开车的时候。你知道你买的是二手车。可能还有断裂


