Problem with exhaust system.
排气系统出了问题。


There could be multiple problems, right
可能有多个问题，对吧


But If you use a single fault model right, then you are basically saying that I'll check the break. I'll check the attire. I'll check this. I'll check that.
但如果你用单故障模型，那你基本上是在说我会检查断裂。我去检查一下衣服。我会检查一下。我会去查查的。


And if it passes all of them, then I'll say that this is a good card, You know, Uh, you are not considering All this Falls to be present at the same time and see how they interact with each other. Do you see what I'm saying so in a single stock at fault?
如果能通过所有卡，那我会说这是一张好牌，你知道，呃，你不会把All this Falls同时存在，看看它们如何相互作用。你明白我的意思吗？单一枪托有错？


Model.
模型。


What you are saying Is, I'm going to test whether this defect is present or not, and I'm going to test whether these defect is present or not, and I'm going to test whether this defect is present or not.
你的意思是，我要测试这个缺陷是否存在，我要测试这些缺陷是否存在，我要测试这个缺陷是否存在。


You're not considering Them in combination All together. Yeah, you did that. In every case you detect, like, let's say, more than one single stock at all. Would it be the same as detecting like multiple at the same time?
你没有把它们合并在一起。是的，你做到了。在每种情况下，你都能检测到，比如说，不止一只股票。这会和同时检测到多个病毒吗？


It could be, but they could also mask out each other Like the two phones may cancel each other.
有可能，但它们也可能互相掩盖，就像两部手机可能会互相取消。


So, there we looked at a theorem that says That if you generate a test set for a stuck at fault model, Then that test set will cover multiple standard fault models, Right?
所以，我们看了一个定理，它说如果你为一个卡住故障模型生成一个测试集，那幺这个测试集会覆盖多个标准故障模型，对吗？


And so We could provide a theoretical proof for that or completely fan art free regions there is. There is no internal fan out in the circuit.
所以我们可以给出理论证明，或者说完全没有同人艺术的区域。电路内部没有风扇输出。


We could theoretically prove That all 3 to the power n minus 1 combination of multiple faults can be detected by a single standard formula, But for the more complex circuits, we have empirical evidence that if you generate a set for single stuck ass faults, It covers, You know.
理论上我们可以证明，所有3的n次方减1的多故障组合都可以用一个标准公式检测到，但对于更复杂的电路，我们有经验证据表明，如果你为单个卡死故障生成集合，它能覆盖，你知道的。


All populations Not with guarantee, but there are some crazy situations where the combination of the multiple faults will not be covered by a single second fault asset.
所有群体 并非保证，但有些疯狂情况下，单个故障资产无法覆盖多个故障的组合。


So, If you have a multip?
那幺，如果你有多重人格呢？


If you, if if you have a circuit in which there is fault a and there is fault B present, you know a is stuck at zero and B is stuck at one line If I tested for And It passed
如果你有一个电路存在故障A和故障B，你知道A卡在零，B卡在一条线路。如果我测试了，它通过了


And if I tested for It passed, then I'm calling the chip has passed my test.
如果我测试过它通过了，那我就说芯片通过了我的测试。


Okay, So that excludes the corner case That I applied a test for a and the fault effect of a propagated to this side.
好的，这排除了我对 a 进行测试时，a 的错误效应传播到了这一侧。


And then it got masked due to presence of B, and that's why you have the pass.
然后因为B的存在，它被掩盖了，这就是你拿到通行证的原因。


You see what I'm saying.
你明白我的意思吧。


So the only way The tip Pass if you test it for stuck at fault a is somehow it got canceled by the presence of the stuck at fault B.
所以如果你测试是否是责任方A，提示唯一能通过的方式就是因为被责任方B的存在而被取消了。


Okay, so the probability that it will get canceled by another fault Ah, is low, but then I'm also testing for stuck at fault B.
好吧，被另一个故障取消的概率很低，但我也在测试“卡在故障B”。


So, when I'm separately testing for stuck at fault B, Then the probability that This a will get triggered and will come and cancel the fault effect for Is exceedingly low.
所以，当我单独测试“卡在故障B”时，触发这个A并取消故障效果的概率非常低。


If I have tested for a and if I have tested for, Uh, the probability that, for both of those tests And be together, are going to cancel each other. That probability is, you know, very, very low.
如果我检测了a，并且检测了，呃，在这两个测试中，和在一起的概率会相互抵消。这种概率，你知道，非常非常低。


And that's why, if you develop a single stuck at fault model, it's good enough Half of the chip because that probability is, like, you know, One in a billion or something like that, so it's a very tiny probability.
这就是为什幺如果你开发一个单一卡住故障模型，它足够好，芯片的一半，因为这个概率大约是十亿分之一左右，所以概率非常小。


It's non-zero, but For all practical purposes, that is, Okay. So, then we established that stackard fault model is a physical is a functional fault model.
它不是零，但实际上，也就是说，还行。因此，我们确定了斯塔卡德故障模型是一个物理且功能性故障模型。


It is not a physical fault model, But it is good enough because, Uh, ultimate manifestation of the physical defect is a functional error.
这并不是一个描述物理缺陷的模型，但它已经足够用了——因为物理缺陷的最终表现形式其实就是功能故障（即设备无法正常工作）。


You know, zero, changing to a one or one change, And we do not need to consider multiple of them, because If we develop a test set that tests for each results for each one of those parts, Then that covers pretty much all multiple forms.
你知道，零，变成一个或一个变化，我们不需要考虑多个变化，因为如果我们开发一个测试集，针对每个部分的每个结果进行测试，那幺几乎涵盖了所有多种形式。


So, That's why we have this single stuck at fault model
因此，我们采用了这种“单一故障原因模型”（即认为问题的根本原因只有一个）。


Once you have the single stuck at Port model, we have this concept of coverage and we have to develop tests so that we get the highest coverage When we develop the test.
一旦你有了单一卡在端口的模型，我们就有了覆盖的概念，必须开发测试以获得最高的覆盖率。


The most desirable property that we expect from this test is that it provides High coverage, And there are only a few of them
我们对这项测试最理想的性质是它提供高覆盖率，而这类产品只有少数


We shouldn't have too many test patterns to obtain that coverage
我们不应拥有过多的测试模式来获得这种覆盖


Why shouldn't you have too many test parents obtain the coverage? How many tests do you have to do? How many tests do you have to apply from the tester, and then that reduces the test application time.
为什幺不应该让太多测试家长获得保险呢？你得做多少次测试？你需要从测试者那里应用多少测试，这样才能减少测试应用时间。


So, even if you're designing an Nvidia GPU with, You know, probably, Uh, 100 billion transistors, you still want the chip to be tested in three seconds
所以，即使你设计的Nvidia GPU，可能有1000亿个晶体管，你仍然希望芯片能在三秒内完成测试


So, you want as few tests as possible
所以，你希望检测越少越好


So, how do you reduce the number of Test patterns?
那幺，如何减少测试模式的数量呢？


So, first, you, We Two step test process
首先，你，我们，两步测试流程


In one step, you are applying your random parent testing and And which is fast and which can get most of the balls. And then we have a deterministic parent testing.
在一个步骤中，你应用随机的父级测试和 和 哪个快速，哪个能拿到最多的球。然后我们有确定性父测试。


So, when you are doing the random pattern testing, the thing we can do is improve controllability and observability.
所以，当你进行随机模式测试时，我们能做的是提升可控性和可观测性。


If you improve controllability in observability, we have basically cleaned up with random parent testing
如果你提升了可观测性的可控性，我们基本上已经通过随机父测试来清理了


But of course we can't 200 because I will add too much overhead.
但当然我们不能用200，因为我会增加太多开销。


So, we do that with a limited number of limited budget of transistors, And so the remaining patterns we apply The reverse of her fault simulation and try to get reduce the number of atpg generated Patterns. Okay, yeah, um, so you're in the design. They arrive at the first test pattern to decide to start hitting manufacturing.
所以，我们用有限数量和有限预算的晶体管来实现这一点，剩下的模式则应用故障模拟的反向，尝试减少ATPG生成的模式数量。好的，是的，嗯，你参与设计。他们到达第一个测试模式，决定开始制造。


Do the testers still try to Find another test pattern that might be more efficient with less patterns to eventually replace? Yeah, absolutely.
测试人员还会尝试寻找其他可能更高效的测试模式，且需要替换的模式更少吗？是的，绝对是。


So, That is, if you remember something we call scoreboarding.
所以，如果你记得我们称之为记分牌的东西。


What is scoreboarding?
什幺是记分板？


If one test Right, you know, catches a very large number of defects and another test catches only few defective chips, But I want to apply The test that catches very large number of defects first in my tester, because if it fails, I tossed it out.
如果一个测试，你知道，发现了大量缺陷，另一个测试只发现了少数有缺陷的芯片，但我想先在测试器里应用那个检测到大量缺陷的测试，因为如果失败了，我就把它扔掉了。


It failed on the first test, so I don't need to go far
第一次测试失败了，所以我不需要走太远


And, uh, so I don't want to apply The patterns that are less effective in catching defects early.
而且，呃，我不想用那些在早期发现缺陷方面效果较差的模式。


I want to apply the patterns that are most effective in caching defects first, and when I have done that, then I Reduce my overall test time Because the bad words are failing fast.
我想先应用那些最有效的缓存缺陷模式，完成后再减少整体测试时间，因为坏词很快就失败了。


Okay
好的。


So, with that, we covered The basics of this thing.
所以，我们就讲了这个项目的基本内容。


Now, let's talk about.
现在，让我们谈谈。


