Self test.
自我测试。


We want to reduce the data volume
我们希望减少数据量


We want to address the tester pin count problem
我们想解决测试器引脚数的问题


We want to perform testing at speed, And we want to do multi-site testing
我们希望以快速的速度进行测试，并且希望实现多站点测试


We want to reduce the test application time, and we also want to do field testing
我们希望缩短测试应用进程的运行时间，同时也希望进行实地测试。


What is field testing?
什幺是实地测试？


Uh, if, say, if someone's calling the I.T support they, they can trigger it remotely by being able to directly talk to the controllers they're diagnosed.
呃，比如说，如果有人打电话给IT支持，他们可以通过直接与被诊断的控制人员远程沟通来触发警报。


Yeah, so it's vesting outside of the factory
是的，所以归属是在工厂外


So, when the chip is produced in the factory, Then we can apply the paste, etc, etc, but once I sold the chip, I'll still be able to remotely Apply paste Coming to the internet or coming through whatever system and remotely test it, so that will be the field test, Not in the factory.
所以，芯片在工厂生产后，我们可以涂硅脂等，但一旦我卖掉芯片，我仍然可以远程通过互联网或系统远程涂抹硅脂进行测试，所以那将是现场测试，而不是工厂内。


So in that, we covered lfsr
所以我们讲了 lfsr


So, lfsr, You know, this is the most confusing part about the lfsr
所以，lfsr，你知道，这是关于lfsr最让人困惑的部分


There's a vector, which is X, which is made up of A scalar, which is x0 x 1 x n, minus 1 x n, minus 2, Etc, right?
有一个矢量，也就是X，它由一个标量组成，标量是x0 x 1 x n，减1 x n，负2，等等，对吧？


So, the vector X is X X X2 all the way up to X n minus 1.
所以，矢量X是X X X²，一直到Xn减1。


That's the vector, which is the output of the flip flops
这就是矢量，也就是触发器的输出


But then there is an X in the equation And the prime polynomial. So 1 plus X Plus x square is a prime polynomial. This x is not any of these X's.
但这样方程中存在一个X，以及素多项式。所以1加X加x平方是素数多项式。这个X不是这些X中的任何一个。


This x really means a bit shift, So This Has to do with the time shift. And so this is the most confusing part about lfsr, but this is the standard terminology that people use.
这个x实际上意味着有点偏移，所以这和时间偏移有关。这就是关于 lfsr 最令人困惑的部分，但这是人们常用的标准术语。


We can't change it if if it was up to me, I'll call this And that would just take care of it in the polynomial, Right?
如果由我决定，我们不能改变，我会叫这个，这样多项式里就解决了，对吧？


So X is the spatial value, And T is the time value.
因此，X 表示空间上的数值，而 T 表示时间上的数值。


So, you know, just call it so you should be able to Go from this equation to this configuration, Where those exclusive words are set up
简单来说，只要把相关概念明确表达出来，就应该能够从这个公式推导出相应的配置结果。在这个过程中，那些具有特殊含义的术语（即那些排他性或专有性的词汇）需要被正确地使用和设置。


Or, if you're given a Circuit diagram, you should be able to come up with an equation, so you should be able to go from equation to circuit diagram or circuit diagram to equation
或者，如果你拿到电路图，你应该能推导出一个方程，这样你就能从一个方程转到电路图，或者从电路图到另一个方程


If I have a circuit diagram, I can simulate clock by clock by clock And then I can get these various States.
如果我有电路图，我可以逐时钟模拟，然后得到这些不同的状态。


Okay, if I have the equation, I could do the same thing, but then I'm doing based on multiplication And division, and we looked at algebraic multiplication and algebraic division.
好的，如果我有方程，我也可以做同样的事，但我是基于乘法和除法，我们研究了代数乘法和代数除法。


If I am given this polynomial, One is a remainder, And the other one is a quotient
如果给我这个多项式，一个是剩余，另一个是商


Okay, and those examples are in the slides, and you should go to them or read the textbook.
好的，这些例子都在幻灯片里，你应该去看或者读教材。


We discuss two types of tests, You know, the Fibonacci type and the Gala type and the two types of lfsr, depending on where the exclusive organs are placed to the inside or outside, If Outside, not internal to this engine, then it's called Fibonacci, otherwise called.
我们讨论两种检验，你知道的，斐波那契型和Gala型，以及两种类型的LFSR，取决于专属器官在内部或外部的位置。如果是外部，而不是这个引擎内部，那就叫做斐波那契，也就是这样。


We also discuss phase shifter
我们还讨论了相位移器


We also discuss phase shifter. The first shifter allows us to increase the number of scan chains, so even though we have a 32-bit lfsr, we can have.
我们还讨论了相位移器。第一个移位器允许我们增加扫描链的数量，所以即使我们有一个32位的lfsr，我们也可以有。


It allows us to increase the number of scan chains, so even though we have a 32-bit lfsr, we can have Thousand scansions and not have them correlated.
这使我们能够增加扫描链的数量；即使使用的是 32 位的 LFSR（线性反馈移位寄存器），也可以进行数千次扫描，而且这些扫描结果之间不会相互关联（即它们之间没有相关性）。


So, the purpose of this phase shifter is de correlation, and we covered that in the lecture videos, or if you don't remember, you can just go see it again.
所以，这个相位移器的目的是去相关性，我们在讲座视频中已经讲过了，或者如果你不记得了，也可以再去看看。


And lastly, Like, anything which is not covered by scan test
最后，比如任何扫描测试不涵盖的内容


We can do many ways we can, Uh, do it from the tester, But we could also if it's only a limited number of tests. We could also store it in the chip itself.
我们可以用很多方法，呃，从测试器里做，但如果测试数量有限，也可以。我们也可以把它存储在芯片本身里。


I haven't covered that and so not necessary In memory test.
我没讲过，所以记忆测试中没必要。


As you lecture as you saw, test pattern augmentation, like anything which is not covered by scan test, We can do many ways we can, Uh, boot from the desktop, but we could also if it's only a limited number of tests. We could also store it in the chip itself.
正如你所说，测试模式增强，就像扫描测试未涵盖的任何内容一样，我们可以用很多方法，比如从桌面启动，但如果测试数量有限，也可以。我们也可以把它存储在芯片本身里。


I haven't covered that and so not necessary. The memory test as you lecture as you saw the lecture there again. Two types of tests. One is a functional test, and the other is inductive fault modeling.
我没讲过，所以没必要。记忆测试，你在讲课时又看到了那场讲座。有两种类型的测试。一个是功能测试，另一个是归纳故障建模。


So, the functional fault modeling is just functional, like, stuck at faults
所以，功能性故障建模只是功能性的，就像卡在故障状态


The inductive is like physical defects, and that is just like we discussed with the with respect to the stock at form description.
归纳就像物理缺陷，这正是我们在形式描述中讨论的材料。


So we have different types of linked fonts, And If I write 0 in all of them, And then as I write 0 here, If that resulted in just like we discussed with the with respect to the second form description.
我们有不同类型的链接字体，如果我在所有字体中都写为0，然后在这里写0，这就和我们讨论的第二种形式描述一样。


So we have different types of linked fonts, And If I write 0 in all of them, And then as I write 0 here, If that resulted in this value being.
所以我们有不同类型的链接字体，如果我在所有字体中都写为0，然后当我在这里写0时，这个值是。


A Then I, I have an inversion coupling form And as you watched in the lecture, The coupling Falls can involve like two cells. We have inversion coupling, so if I read or write onto the aggressor cell, it inverts the value on the victim itself.
答：那幺我有一个反转耦合形式。正如你在讲座中看到的，耦合落法可能涉及两个细胞。我们有反演耦合，所以如果我在攻击者单元上读写，它会反转受害者的值。


So, in a memory, if I write some value on this memory, cell Changes the value on the other memories.
所以，在一个内存中，如果我在这段记忆上写入某个值，单元会改变其他记忆的值。


How many of you have actually watched the lecture?
你们中有多少人真的看过这场讲座？


So, you remember that, Uh, the address and the victim.
所以，你还记得那个地址和受害者。


So, we discuss inversion coupling fault, item potent coupling fault, and state coupling fault
因此，我们讨论反演耦合故障、项目强耦合故障和状态耦合故障


And then we also discussed A pattern sensor defaults. So with that, that's basically the question.
然后我们还讨论了A模式传感器的默认设置。所以，这就是问题的所在。


So, if you go back and review, The exam is going to be.
所以，如果你回头复习，考试会是......


Alexander is going to be five questions
亚历山大将有五个问题


The first question is multi-part. The second question will be on memory testing.
第一个问题是分多部分的；第二个问题将涉及内存测试。


The third question will be unbased
第三个问题将是无根据的


The fourth question on DFT and the fifth question on HPG
第四题关于DFT，第五题题关于HPG


So, The exam format, Uh.
那幺，考试形式，呃。


So, on Thursday, we will not have any class And during the regular, Uh, We will have the exam at night And next week.
那幺，星期四我们没有任何课程；在正常的教学时间里，考试将在晚上举行。下周也是如此。


We have two lectures. So, in one of those lectures, I've covered delay testing in detail and basically delay testing and stuck at testing.
我们有两节课。所以，在其中一节课里，我详细讲了延迟测试，基本上就是延迟测试，卡在考试上。


They relate to each other, So we'll cover that
这些内容彼此之间是相互关联的，因此我们将会对此进行讲解。


And in the last lecture, I'll cover boundary scan, So JPEG or something.
最后一节课我会讲边界扫描，比如JPEG之类的。


So, so with with that, you pretty much it wraps up the testing class
所以，到这里，基本上就结束了整个测试课


It's It just in classes
就是它，只是课堂上


Components like this directly relates to the design, Uh, USA design, but also, Uh, relates to algorithms, you know, like you've learned the false simulation algorithms, atpg algorithms, programming, And it also relates to very practical and mundane aspects, such as dealing with tester, printout limitation, or power limitation, and things like that, which cuts across the design and the DFT.
这类组件不仅直接关系到产品的设计（尤其是美国的设计标准），还与各种算法密切相关（比如你们学过的那些用于进行仿真测试的算法，以及 ATPG（Automatic Test Pattern Generation）算法等）。同时，它们也涉及到一些非常实际且具体的问题，例如如何处理测试设备、打印输出的局限性，以及系统的功耗限制等等。这些问题贯穿于整个设计过程以及 DFT（Design for Testability, 即可测试性设计）的整个流程中。


So, it kind of involves all of these elements, Um, Typically circling back to the introduction, something we covered That if you look at the cost of a semiconductor product, it takes some cost to manufacture the product and some cost to test it, And it has historically been the case that the cost of testing is half of the cost of the chip
所以，这涉及所有这些元素，嗯，通常回到引言，我们之前提到的一点是：如果你看半导体产品的成本，制造和测试都需要一定的成本，而历史上测试成本是芯片成本的一半


A production of the gym.
健身房的表演。


So, So if the chemical and the optical processes, too, is the chip is manufactured past a dollar Testing cost another dollar.
所以，如果化学和光学工艺也都是芯片制造的，那测试成本就多了一美元。


So, together the product cost is two dollars, and which you might sell Three or four.
因此，产品的总成本为 2 美元；你可能会卖出 3 件或 4 件产品。


So, testing is At an expensive process, And, and because of that Companies, They hired a lot of test engineers and
所以，测试是一个昂贵的过程，因此，公司雇佣了大量测试工程师，


